
# WorksheetFunction.Ceiling_Precise Method (Excel)

Returns the specified number rounded to the nearest multiple of significance.


 **Wichtig**  This function has been replaced with one or more new functions that may provide improved accuracy and whose names better reflect their usage. This function is still available for compatibility with earlier versions of Excel. However, if backward compatibility is not required, you should consider using the new functions from now on, because they more accurately describe their functionality.

For more information about the new function, see the [Ceiling_Precise](638b4577-fd80-bd94-9a31-84fe4f3ff9d0.md) method.

## Syntax

 _Ausdruck_. **Ceiling_Precise**( ** _Arg1_**, ** _Arg2_** )

 _Ausdruck_ A variable that represents a **[WorksheetFunction](7b1d5639-363d-632c-2cf0-2232562646b6.md)** object.


### Parameters



|**Name**|**Required/Optional**|**Data Type**|**Description**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
| _Arg1_|Erforderlich|**Double**|Number - the value you want to round.|
| _Arg2_|Optional|**Variant**|Significance - the multiple to which you want to round.|

### Return Value

Double


## Remarks

 For example, if you want to avoid using pennies in your prices and your product is priced at $4.42, use the formula `Ceiling(4.42,0.05)` to round prices up to the nearest nickel.

Depending on the sign of the number and significance arguments, the  **Ceiling_Precise** method rounds either away from or towards zero.



|**Sign ( _Arg1_ / _Arg2_ )**|**Rounding**|
|:-----|:-----|
|-/-|Rounds toward zero.|
|+/+|Rounds away from zero.|
|-/+|Rounds toward zero.|
|+/-|Rounds away from zero.|

- If either argument is nonnumeric,  **Ceiling_Precise** generates an error.
    
- If number is an exact multiple of significance, no rounding occurs.
    

 **Hinweis**  The CEILING.PRECISE algorithm is the same as the one used for the ISO.CEILING function.


## Siehe auch


#### Konzepte


[WorksheetFunction Object](7b1d5639-363d-632c-2cf0-2232562646b6.md)
#### Weitere Ressourcen


[WorksheetFunction Object Members](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/6811ca87-4b53-0bff-88c9-30bf7497879a%28Office.15%29.aspx)