
# Application.Cells Property (Excel)

Returns a  **[Range](b8207778-0dcc-4570-1234-f130532cc8cd.md)** object that represents all the cells on the active worksheet. If the active document is not a worksheet, this property fails.


## Syntax

 _Ausdruck_. **Cells**

 _Ausdruck_ A variable that represents an **Application** object.


## Remarks

Because the  **[Item](f7d40273-5069-8a9d-14ee-19df225f864c.md)** property is the default property for the **Range** object, you can specify the row and column index immediately after the **Cells** keyword. For more information, see the **Item** property and the examples for this topic.

Using this property without an object qualifier returns a  **Range** object that represents all the cells on the active worksheet.


## Example

 **Sample code provided by:** Tom Urtis,[Atlas Programming Management](http://www.atlaspm.com/)

This example looks at data in each row and inserts a blank row each time the value in column A changes.




```
Sub ChangeInsertRows()
    Application.ScreenUpdating = False
    Dim xRow As Long
    
    For xRow = Application.Cells(Rows.Count, 1).End(xlUp).Row To 3 Step -1
        If Application.Cells(xRow, 1).Value <> Application.Cells(xRow - 1, 1).Value Then Rows(xRow).Resize(1).Insert
    Next xRow
    
    Application.ScreenUpdating = True
End Sub
```


## About the Contributor
<a name="AboutContributor"> </a>

MVP Tom Urtis ist Gründer von Atlas Programming Management, einem Full-Service-Unternehmen für Microsoft Office- und Excel-Geschäftslösungen mit Sitz im kalifornischen Silicon Valley. Urtis verfügt über mehr als 25 Jahre Erfahrung in der Unternehmensführung und der Entwicklung von Microsoft Office-Anwendungen und ist Co-Author von "Holy Macro! It's 2,500 Excel VBA Examples".


## Siehe auch
<a name="AboutContributor"> </a>


#### Konzepte


[Application Object](19b73597-5cf9-4f56-8227-b5211f657f6f.md)
#### Weitere Ressourcen


[Application Object Members](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/4cb9ca42-8d07-cc9c-2d80-4eb9a5921e1e%28Office.15%29.aspx)