
# Dialogs Object (Excel)

A collection of all the  **[Dialog](adabcd3b-fc48-d314-3ae5-f1b2ba148383.md)** objects in Microsoft Excel.


## Remarks

 Each **Dialog** object represents a built-in dialog box. You cannot create a new built-in dialog box or add one to the collection. The only useful thing you can do with a **Dialog** object is use it with the **[Show](7c69ecc2-fdd5-c91b-1c66-e3099bd69cb7.md)** method to display the dialog corresponding dialog box.

The Microsoft Excel Visual Basic object library includes built-in constants for many of the built-in dialog boxes. Each constant is formed from the prefix "xlDialog" followed by the name of the dialog box. For example, the  **Apply Names** dialog box constant is **xlDialogApplyNames**, and the **Find File** dialog box constant is **xlDialogFindFile**. These constants are members of the **[XlBuiltinDialog](18f10073-3793-f7e8-4361-72011e60cd4c.md)** enumerated type.


## Example

Use the [Dialogs](0d04aa87-9872-23e5-78e3-c9e3da2c8eb5.md) property to return the **Dialogs** collection. The following code example displays the number of available built-in Microsoft Excel dialog boxes.


```
MsgBox Application.Dialogs.Count
```

Use  **Dialogs** ( _index_ ), where _index_ is a built-in constant identifying the dialog box, to return a single **Dialog** object. The following example runs the built-in **File Open** dialog box.




```
dlgAnswer = Application.Dialogs(xlDialogOpen).Show
```



 **Sample code provided by:** Bill Jelen,[MrExcel.com](http://www.mrexcel.com/)

The following code example opens an e-mail message in Microsoft Outlook with the current workbook attached.




```
Sub SendIt() 
    Application.Dialogs(xlDialogSendMail).Show arg1:="ask@mrexcel.com", arg2:="This goes in the subject line" 
End Sub 

```


## About the Contributor
<a name="AboutContributor"> </a>

MVP Bill Jelen hat über zwei Dutzend Bücher über Microsoft Excel verfasst. Er ist regelmäßiger Gast auf TechTV mit Leo Laporte und hostet MrExcel.com, ein Forum mit über 300.000 Fragen und Antworten zu Excel.


## Siehe auch
<a name="AboutContributor"> </a>


#### Konzepte


[Excel Object Model Reference](11ea8598-8a20-92d5-f98b-0da04263bf2c.md)
#### Weitere Ressourcen


[Dialogs Object Members](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/15d5bbd8-798a-38b9-2071-b89b68437f9f%28Office.15%29.aspx)