
# PivotTable.PreserveFormatting Property (Excel)

 **True** if formatting is preserved when the report is refreshed or recalculated by operations such as pivoting, sorting, or changing page field items.For query tables, this property is **True** if any formatting common to the first five rows of data are applied to new rows of data in the query table. Unused cells aren't formatted. The property is **False** if the last AutoFormat applied to the query table is applied to new rows of data. The default value is **True**.


## Syntax

 _Ausdruck_. **PreserveFormatting**

 _Ausdruck_ A variable that represents a **PivotTable** object.


## Remarks

For database query tables, the default formatting setting is  **xlSimple**.

The new AutoFormat style is applied to the query table when the table is refreshed. The AutoFormat is reset to  **None** whenever **PreserveFormatting** is set to **False**. As a result, any AutoFormat that's set before **PreserveFormatting** is set to **False** and before the query table is refreshed doesn't take effect, and the resulting query table has no formatting applied to it.


## Example

This example preserves the formatting of the first PivotTable report on worksheet one.


```
Worksheets(1).PivotTables("Pivot1").PreserveFormatting = True
```

This example demonstrates how setting  **PreserveFormatting** to **False** causes the AutoFormat to be set to **xlRangeAutoFormatNone** instead of the specified **xlRangeAutoFormatColor1** format.




```
With Workbooks(1).Worksheets(1).QueryTables(1) 
 .Range.AutoFormat = xlRangeAutoFormatColor1 
 .PreserveFormatting = False 
 .Refresh 
End With
```


## Siehe auch


#### Konzepte


[PivotTable Object](a9c1d4a0-78a9-f9a6-6daf-91cb63e45842.md)
#### Weitere Ressourcen


[PivotTable Object Members](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/8e8d1692-cf32-63c6-a1f6-54ddcc2a4964%28Office.15%29.aspx)